fix(challenge): correct terminology and inform of correct array copying (#40045)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/functional-programming/refactor-global-variables-out-of-functions.md

## Description
<section id='description'>
So far, we have seen two distinct principles for functional programming:

> 1) Don't alter a variable or object - create new variables and objects and return them if need be from a function. Note, you can not create new copies (or clones) of objects and arrays by assigning the variable that holds them to a new variable. So for example <code>const arrayCopy = originalArray;</code> does <strong>not</strong> create a new copy. Instead, use one of the array copy techniques shown previously in the curriculum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Don't alter a variable or object - create new variables and objects and return them if need be from a function. Hint: using something like `var newArr = arrVar`, where `arrVar` is an array will simply create a reference to the existing variable and not a copy. So changing a value in `newArr` would change the value in `arrVar`.
```
